and the italy of both a few years ago
that is and that in nijmegen
nic follow diversion route 9
and there I chose movement saw
yes such an education certainly because
I do a lot and work part time, that's for sure
and so it says in the basic package that sentiment was in and was in
nijmegen
and I don't have a paid strip job for the dance hall there
MVV calling
and I try to offer a versatile, disgusting yes sport
given
but the question is what influence
this is what they really liked
after the elections 8 it will be announced a moment later
Anderlecht must do it
that service
and own way tent collapsed
9 the mine teachers
we find learners of the sport and sport pieter opener model
move even stronger we want to get a whole lot i dont hope they have the
freeze
in that respect also the understanding within our ten room
don't take 13 a point from that
we all know exactly what we mean
the bike is very enthusiastic about buying
in the competition properties
helpful too
make the strong
and that has always been a good conversation with the trainings and children
and thereby it became good and that this is a stick I am not busy
people with intellectual
I am going with a disability and therefore a sport
that is evident from a transport company mainly for the people
and groups that finally came to deliver
a fellow student and the teachers
not so strange going there
because of the enthusiastic you get it, everyone is working for something
area then also said to shoot they deserved we do
beautiful
years